A project description text file, finalproject_description.txt, that summarizes the project functionalities and implementations, what the included classes do, and any unexpected challenges. This is mostly a rehash of the progress report but from the position of what you accomplished rather than what you were planning. Also you must document which group member worked on which part of the assignment. While group coding is allowed, each member is responsible for their individual parts -- this ensures all group members are participating and have mastery of the assignment. If you do not specify that a group member contributed, this will impact their grade.

Overview:

Daniel:

Long:

Enemies (Randy): Randy worked on everything to do with the enemies in the game. This includes creating the Enemy class, all extensions of the Enemy class, choosing sprites, spawning enemies at the beginning of each wave, designing which enemies spawned during each wave, and balancing the enemies. All enemies have a hierachy of Actor->Enemy->(Enemy subclass) and each hierarchy level has appropriate functionality. This went fairly smoothly once some of the higher level code was finished/learned. Everything generally went well and worked very quickly, even the spinning sword around the orc shaman. As far as the enemy spawning code goes, there were a variety of rules put in place that determine how enemeies get spawned. I implemented different level modes and increased the difficulty of the game as the waves progress. This also went somewhat smoothly, however there was a brief period of time where I was trying to dynamically create instances of classes which I eventually determined just was not going to happen because of the limitations of the Processing language. Other than that, everything went smoothly and I accomplished everything that I set out to do.

Sean: Implemented the Player, Projectile, and Powerup classes. The Player class is responsible for displaying the character sprite and tracking the user's stats as they play the game. It consists of 4 nested classes-- Body, Hat, Arm, and Gun-- which are responsible for rendering and animating the individual components of the player's character model. As stated earlier, Player tracks the user's game stats, including health, cooldowns, vulnerability, position, velocity, acceleration , powerup effects, rotation,       
